Adds super rentals in octane (#218)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-08-02-the-ember-times-issue-109.md

---

## [Super Rentals in Octane 🚀](https://github.com/ember-learn/super-rentals/pull/127)

> If you've been looking for an example of what an app written in **Ember Octane** looks like, look no futher than the rewrite of the Super Rentals Tutorial that's been a part of the Ember.js guides for quite a while now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've been looking for an example of what an app written in **Ember Octane** looks like, look no further than the rewrite of the Super Rentals Tutorial that's been a part of the Ember.js guides for quite a while now.
```

The original rewrite PR was opened by [@vaidehijoshi](https://github.com/vaidehijoshi), author of the amazing ✨ [basecs](https://github.com/vaidehijoshi/basecs-series) and [baseds](https://github.com/vaidehijoshi/baseds-series) series. 

[@tomdale](https://github.com/tomdale) also followed up with contributions to get the Octane vesion of Super Rentals over the line.

> This new version of the tutorial will become a part of the guides when Ember Octane is released. You can find both PR's [here](https://github.com/ember-learn/super-rentals/pull/127) and [here](https://github.com/ember-learn/super-rentals/pull/129), if you're interested in taking a look.

Reviewer: Looking at the Octane guides preview site (https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/), I guess the tutorial's not live yet, right? To clarify to the readers, maybe:
```suggestion
The new Super Rentals tutorial will become a part of the guides when Ember Octane is released. For a sneak preview, you can check out the PR's [here](https://github.com/ember-learn/super-rentals/pull/127) and [here](https://github.com/ember-learn/super-rentals/pull/129).
```
